---
Type: Transcript
Playlist: Revival is Now Podcast
Author: Apostle Kathryn Krick
Position: 2/11
YouTube URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hb3EENb5K2U
Title: Set Free from Debilitating Sicknesses, 10+ Medications & Migraines - Ashley's Testimony
Date: 2025-07-11
Keywords: [not added yet]
---

My entire life revolved around my sickness. One of my first memories was
having a migraine. I remember having a conversation with my dad and he said like, "You're almost getting to the point where you're like disabled." I was
having to leave work early all the time um with migraines and I was having
hormone issues. Every year I would get bronchitis and it would be anywhere from like 15 to 26 days a month that I would
have migraines. It was just constant. I grew up in church and there was just so much confusion like if God is good and
he loves me and all this stuff like why am I sick? Some days I would just barely
be able to get my kids to and from school. If I was having an okay day, I was probably using medication. This is a
list of all of the different medications. One of these medications, like if a normal person took them, it
would knock you out. I was maxed out on all of the medications I was on. I would have pain in my kidneys from the
painkillers. My dad told me one time, he was like, you know, some people want to be alive. And when he said that, I was
like, I don't understand. I literally thought I was like, if my health doesn't
make me die, I was like, I thought the medications were going to kill me.
Welcome to the Revival is Now podcast. I'm so excited and expectant for Jesus
to move powerfully through the screen today through the testimony and stories shared. I believe your faith will be
lifted and your spiritual eyes will open up and you'll experience the anointing of God moving through the screen and
touching you. I am so excited to have Ashley here. Ashley, welcome. Thank you.
It's such an honor to be here. Hallelujah. Ashley is planted at 5F Church from Georgia. Mhm.
And you have such an amazing testimony of coming from bondage, sickness to
freedom and abundant life for you and even in your family. Yes. So I would love for the people
watching and listening to be blessed to hear your testimony. So I would like to
I would like for you to start off by sharing how did you find 5F Church and when was that? Like how many years ago
was that? So I first found 5F through a
spiritual mentor of mine at the time. Um I was going through a lot of different
spiritual issues and myself and like every member of my family was going through something different that was big
at the time and I reached out to her and I said I know this is spiritual. I just
feel like every like the attacks are so intense and I don't know what to do. and
she had mentioned several different ministries and then she said your name
and she said she calls herself an apostle and I have seen different things
through her so maybe check it out and I was like okay well and I started
watching your videos and I trusted her and um so when I saw the manifestations
of deliverance Um, for the first time in my life, I didn't dismiss it. Like, I'd
grown up believing that it was fake and that um, people were either actors or
people were getting paid um, to do that type of ministry. It was just like a lot of lies from um, just different sources
over the course of my life. It wasn't something I was exposed to much, but like maybe I would see something on TV
and, you know, and that would be kind of like the um narrative behind it.
So, when I first watched your videos, it took some time for me to really get to a
place where I could even like first of all, I was like, what is happening? And
is this real? I trust this person. And um I just kept watching the testimonies
and I just believed that all of these people couldn't be lying. And there was
one video in particular um and it was actually I can't remember the location
but it was two young girls and it was I think from 2021. I saw it around May of
2022 is when I first um watched a video of yours and
I knew those girls weren't acting. I just knew it. And and that was the one
where I was like, "Okay, if they're not acting, then what is this? What is going on?" And um hearing the testimonies, I
started really like something in my I didn't know at the time, but something in my spirit was really coming alive
because I knew that Jesus could heal. I believed it and I had faith and I just
wasn't sure how to be the chosen one that got healed because I didn't hear
stories like that in my circle. So, um you know, growing up a Christian from
the time I was young, I was always in church. I even actually worked in church for um several years. And uh it the
whole thing was just like a total
like change in everything that I was used to. Wow. Wow. So what was life like before
you found freedom? Before you encountered God's power and what was
that life like? Bondage, sickness? Yes. So, um I was sick from like one of
my first memories was um having a migraine. And one of your first memories that
young? Yes. I I remember I was five and I had
so much pain. I was like sick to my stomach and I just um my parents
actually took me to get a CT scan because the doctors thought I like might have a brain tumor or something.
Wow. Because they I was just so young to be having that kind of um pain and
experience. I always was sick growing up. Like I
would get migraines and my mom would have to come pick me up from school. I would be throwing up and just like my
body would just be doing all kinds of things like sweating, nauseous, like I
just couldn't function at all. And I even remember as a little girl thinking, I can barely survive
this as a kid with someone taking care of me. How do people do this as an adult? I remember in first grade having
that thought in the back of my mom's car. Wow. And I also had like allergies. I had
like chronic allergies. I had asthma. Um I remember they like I went to this
place and they said, "You have like um like 50% lung capacity or something."
And I never slept very well. I had
anxiety from the time I can remember it. Like I didn't know that's what it was, but I just like I look at videos of my
kids now and I'm like I never felt free like them. like I don't ever remember
feeling that.
So I like
just realizing like I had a good life. Like my parents loved me and I grew up
in church and like there was just so much confusion, you know, like if God is
good and he loves me and all this stuff like why am I sick and why can I It's
like I would start doing things like other people but then I would get derailed like something would happen and
um I just couldn't I couldn't like my body just wouldn't work like everyone
else. I don't I just there's no really other way to say it. I would I would be um like easily get sick. My immune
system was really low and um as I got older, the problems got worse and it
really got more intense. I remember in college and I started getting really
severe stomach issues. Um, and
I was having migraines, allergies, asthma, the whole thing. And then, um,
when we got married, when I got married in, uh, 2004.
And at that time kind of be right before I got married and then into marriage I I
got to a point in the beginning the first year of our marriage where I remember having a conversation with my dad and he said like you're almost
getting to the point where you're like disabled like I was having to leave work early all the
time um with migraines and um I was having hormone issues and I was getting
every year I would get bronchitis and like it was just constant constantly in
the doctor's office. Yeah. So, as as I was dealing with all
of those um problems, um I was trying different things. I was
trying to go to the doctor and then when the migraines started getting more intense, I tried all kinds of therapies.
Um I tried acupuncture, I tried neuro feedback, chiropractic. Um different types of um like diet and
uh had a nerve blocks done. I had Botox preventive treatments, medical medical
preventative, like prescription preventatives and counseling. Like I if there was something someone mentioned
and I thought it could possibly help me, I looked into it and I tried it. Wow. And occasionally something would
work for a while. Actually, I even I even had a tooth removed because Yeah.
because they had found out someone told me there's a certain type of skin you can get and like if you had a root canal
in your life then and it went bad, maybe it could be contributing to your migraines. So, I checked it out. Sure
enough, I got the scan that was a problem. I got the tooth taken out and they started getting better. And this
was the case with everything. as soon as I did whatever new treatment it was, it
would help for a while. Yeah. And then it would I would be back in the same place again. Wow.
And so it was just this like constant cycle of like, okay, hope and then disappointment and hope and
disappointment. So Wow. Yeah. Wow. So then were you you were still seeking
to find freedom and healing and is that how you found 5F Church or
Yes. So, um, so as I was seeking, I was
like, "Okay, God, if God's healing all of these people, I believe he wants to heal me, too." Like, I just I felt like
when you were seeing the testimony, when I saw the testimonies, yes, of 5F and I was watching the ones on YouTube
and on Instagram and as I was watching all these different people and I was like, "Well, why wouldn't he want to
heal me, too?" like I think he would. And um so my faith started to lift and
actually um so I first watched the first video in May and at the end of July um
this was 2022. My kids were about to go back to school and I was like I'm going to really focus
on this and figure out what's going on and see like I want to study this. That's what I would I would study
something, try to figure out figure it out and try to implement it into my life full of pride. So, um, I started
watching your videos and I said, um, I I renounced I remember I was
having a migraine. I don't remember the exact day, but I remember renouncing watching a replay and I renounced um,
depression, anxiety, insomnia, and um, panic attacks. Those were the things
that um broke off of my life like instantly
over the screen. Um yes. And like the mental problems were so bad too like um
so it it's like if the physical problems weren't like really dominant in that at
that time then the mental problems were keeping me like held captive. And um so
I I I renounced those things the beginning of August and my husband immediately
knew that I was different. He was like, "You are so different. What's going on?" Wow. And I was like kind of hesitant to
say it because we had been through so many cycles. We've been married now almost 21 years. And he's he took care
of me. He's watched me go through stuff and just supported me all these years as we tried treatment. I mean, this has
cost so us so much money um going trying all these things. And so
I I was like, I think I'm free from
this. And it was like almost like should I say it out loud? If I say it out loud,
is it going to go back to how it was? you know, and um so after a few weeks,
actually we had family in town and a family member of mine said, "What is
going on here?" Like, "Are you guys on drugs?" And I was like, "No, I'm not on drugs.
I'm off of all of the drugs, actually. All of the things." and and like the the
medication for the mental stuff was helpful to keep me going off of like the
edge of having panic attacks or not being able to sleep or like not feeling
like I could get off the couch some days or out of the bed. But then you also like don't experience the good things of
life. Like I couldn't laugh very much. And um so
I uh I we laughed about that and I just was like it was like a moment where I
feel like God just like validated what he did through that comment and
I just but I I wasn't surrendered at all you know at that point I was just like
whoa this is amazing you know I had joy and and so that happened just through the
screen through watching a video at five of church. Yes, through watching I don't remember the specific videos but like
just through watching the replays and I was like I remember thinking well if I do you just renounce during the ministry
time or you can just renounce when she's preaching like how does this work you know and um so it wasn't like a specific
moment that I remember because I just remember just being like okay well God can do anything and yeah just renouncing
while you were preaching in the park and I remember wanting to go for my birthday which was a few weeks later and I was
telling my friends about it who are all Christians and I people were like wow that's amazing and we don't want to go
with you. So I was like okay well I'm I'm going to
go like I'm going to figure out how I can go. And um the next month we went to
um my daughter and I went to Revival is now in North Carolina
and it was just totally God's um grace because you hadn't even
announced that event at that time and he just like I was so hungry and it just happened to be only a like four hours
from my house. So, we drove there so full of expectancy and I knew there were
other things in my life that um that I wasn't yet free from. And um so at that
event, like midway through you preaching, first of all, I could feel
something in the room that felt different. There weren't very many people there. Mhm. It wasn't like a very fancy setup or
anything, but I like now I could say I could feel
like the power of God just being in the room. But before that, I I didn't know
what I was just like, what's going on? It was almost like you could feel like like the way you feel when you feel
thunder and like a shaking or something. That's what it felt like. And then halfway through you preaching, I started
to manifest and I looked at my daughter and I was like trying to put my hands in
my pockets or I wouldn't move and I was like just feeling a little like
embarrassed and unsure but I wasn't really surprised. Um and she was like stuff something was
happening to her too. Wow. So then I I don't really remember what you said after that or anything. I just
was so distracted by the fact that I am experiencing something I've never felt
before. And um like at the end you said if you're feeling like demonic
oppression or something come forward. So I did and I just I was just closing my
eyes and I was just crying. My body was hot. Like I started sweating and I was
like feeling just like I hope people aren't looking at me but I don't care. I
just need I need to be free. Like I will do anything. I I am not someone who
likes a lot of attention, but I didn't care. I didn't care what was happening. I was like, I'm not leaving here without
like getting a touch from God. That's that was my mindset going in. Praise
God. Yeah. I remember that day with you and your daughter and you could just see both of
you manifesting at the same time. time. You could see it was connected. It was generational. Yes. And that Jesus was going to deliver you.
And he sure did. Both of you. Yes. You want to explain what happened? Yes. So, we
um had we both had lists of things to renounce. And I was like, I'm going in for the family.
You know, once I started, I think seeing those little girls get deliverance and
watching with the parents, I had my eyes had opened up to the generational part of it.
And I could see easily in my family like the generational connectedness of different things of addiction and mental
problems and allergies and um there was some like different um occultic stuff
that also. And so I renounced everything. And I um I was renouncing it
while you were preaching, but when you called us up on stage, you said, you know, just speak the big ones because my
list was so long, right? And um I couldn't I remember too, I
couldn't even look you in the eye. like it was like the brightness I was like it
was like I had to squint or something and I was crying and so I was like I
just have to close my eyes and I hope that's not disrespectful and um and so I closed my eyes and you
prayed you like declared over the list and the things that I renounced and um
for my daughter and for my other daughter that wasn't there and um You
also declared uh the spirit of division to break off of my marriage and
it I fell back with God's power. You never touched me
and I have not been the same since I was really little. For eight years I
had migraines every day and I think got so dormant.
And Jesus is freeing you right now. This is the power of God und delivering you, you and mom right now. Thank you, Jesus.
Got problems. I've had like parasites and celiac and misogyny
raises
feeling like I have to like always have it all together for everyone. And and
honey, do you want to you have a list here to renounce, hun? Hallelujah. Jesus is freeing you, hun. And I was like not
being like confident in myself and believing what others said about me and
like people saying that I wasn't enough to like do all these things that I
wanted to do and I I just had so many night terrors and like and blood sisters and a lot of
generational generational curses and like hand signals and feeling so
much lack. back. I've been like my shoulder blade has
been like randomly like just like hurting and it I don't know why and I I
don't know how to fix it. Jesus is going to fix it. He's going to heal you right now and deliver you hun
from everything. Thank you, Lord. God is freeing you both
right now. Thank you, Jesus. I break every generational curse off this family
now. I break every de demonic covenant, every blood covenant. I break every word
curse. I detach you from all you have renounced now in Jesus' name. I command
on three every spirit attached. every spirit of infirmity, that spirit of infirmity that entered her as a child,
that spirit of infirmity that came in the womb, all infirmities, every spirit
attached to everything on these lists that have been written down must leave you and your adopted child, your whole
family in Jesus' name. One, two,
three.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God.
I speak complete freedom in Jesus name.
Complete freedom. Thank you Jesus.
Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. I speak healing to the shoulder. No more
pain in Jesus name. Thank you Lord. He has freed you hun.
Hallelujah. Praise God. This is God's love for you hun.
Hallelujah. Yes. Yes. And then you know you can see in the video that my daughter like you
prayed for her after I went down and she fell back with God's power also.
And it was this like strangest feeling because
I I like knew that I just couldn't stand. It didn't feel like like um it
wasn't uncomfortable falling or anything. It was just like it was almost just this like like relief, you know?
Mhm. And I remember laying there and I could like hear things that were going on and like
my daughter's here. I'm like a mother, you know, and um at the same time I was
just I remember you talking about like God doing spiritual surgery sometimes
when people fell and I was thinking I probably need that. And so I just laid
there for a while and um then when I got up I
my brain felt like it had been like wiped clear like my mind just felt
clear. I don't know. It's almost like I just I'm not a computer person but like
in the I imagine like it's like wiping a hard drive or something like that's kind
of what it felt like to me. Yes. Yes. It felt like a totally fresh start
in my brain. Yeah. Hallelujah. That's so powerful.
Yes. Praise God. Praise God. So, what happened after that for you and your daughter? What was the differences
you experienced? That was your first time coming in person to a 5F church event, right?
Yes. So, yeah. What was life like after that? Yes. So,
um after that we went home and well the ne the next day
actually you had another night of there was like a hurricane and you prayed for us again the next night.
Yes. And we got more freedom and I I couldn't explain it. It was like
almost like trying to speak a new language to like to someone that hasn't hasn't had any context for seeing the
power of God move. It sounds not real. And
I just remember thinking like I can share this and I like with excitement
was went home and one of the first things which I I didn't mention before I
had celiac which is an autoimmune disease um which is incurable and the way it's treated is just by eating a
gluten-free diet. And so for me the way this would um affect my life before well first of all
I couldn't get pregnant. I was having um infertility and the second I went gluten-free I got pregnant with Presley.
And so like if I had just like a crumb from
something like a biscuit or bread or something or like any kind of sauce that
had wheat in it but like the food wasn't actually wheat, I would be sick for days.
Wow. I would go home. I would be throwing up, have migraines, I would be exhausted. It
felt like I had the flu. And um so the first day I went home, I went the
biggest thing that I missed was having biscuits. I loved biscuits. And so I got
an egg and cheese biscuit and sent a a picture to my husband and he was like, "Should I come home?" Like he it was
like an that would have been an emergency in our family before. And
yeah. So, but you knew you were free. So, you knew I just bought it or got it. I just knew it. And it was almost like a
mark in like the physical of like Yeah. of like this is my new life. So,
one of the big things that he healed me from was migraines. And um you know, I
think when a lot of people think of migraines, they think, "Oh, I'm going to take some Advil and go to sleep." So, but for me, it was like I would end
up in the hospital if we would travel. um anytime I got on a plane when I got off I was like trying to get to a room
quickly so that I could take a lot of medications and actually I brought these papers um that I found in my house of
like what I used to take and um just for like reference three of them are like
injectable medications that you would normally get at a like at an emergency room or something but I was having to go
so frequently that my doctor was like I'm just going to prescribe these to you so at least you're not going to have to go to the emergency room every time. Um,
so if you went to like a normal doctor's office for like this medication called Tordol, like for an injection, they
would normally give you 15 milligrams, but my dose was 60 millig. Like I was maxed out on every all of the
medications I was on. And um, and then I
also found this other list and it was like my full, you know, when you go to
the doctor like, "What medications are you on?" And I've looked at it. Um, and there was like 14 different ones. So, it
was truly like 14 different medications. 14 different medications for the migraines or for all the different sicknesses
for all of it. Counting cuz I was on four medications for um the mental things and then I had all of these other
medications for migraines. And because what happens with migraines is your body like gets used to medications so they
stop working. So for me, I would use certain ones for a period of time and I
would switch it and like it would be like a couple weeks on of this one, a couple weeks on of this one to try to
like keep them fresh in my body or something cuz they would just lose their effect.
So yeah. So um so is this what is this that you have here? So, this is a list of all of the
different medications, and you can see it says um this is from September 18th
of 2017. And Wow. Yeah.
Wow. So, and they're all like like one of these medications like if a normal person took them would be like out like
it would knock you out. And I was often times taking like my migraine cocktail,
which was like five different things at once, and then taking my kids to school and then doing these other things. Like
it was a it was a lot. Wow. It was a lot. So, and then this other list is like the um the supplements I
was on. I was on this many supplements three times a day, some of them. Wow. So, this was just to help my body
like basically to try to um like my I would have pain in my kidneys from like
the from the painkillers. It's they're really bad on like your liver and your kidneys. So, I could like
feel it. And these some of these things were for they're anti like natural
anti-inflammatories, natural things to help with allergies to help with different organs in your body
because all this is like a lot on your body, you know? I I mean I told I I
literally thought I was like if if my health doesn't make me die, I was like I
thought the medications were going to kill me because they were so strong. And
did you go back to the doctor and like tell him? So I did I did go back to the doctor. Um
I actually never went back to the neurologist. I never went back. I never
went back to the psychiatrist. I used to see my psychiatrist every 3 months for 15 years. And um I used to see the
natural the person that was helping me with the supplements um about every six weeks for for supplements. And then I
would go several times a week for this treatment called frequency specific microcurrent, which was supposed to help
with organs and all kinds of different stuff. Did any of them wonder why you didn't come back or find out? I told I told the person with the
supplements, I said, um, God healed me. And she was like, "Okay, well, we'll see." And then she wanted to put me on
like like I think there was like two or three things when I went back which were just like not like anybody could take
it. You know what I mean? Out of this list, it went from this to like her wanting to give me two or three things,
which was like God is was healing my body still at that point from all of the years of damage, you know? So, yeah.
Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes. Praise God.
So, you're off of all of those now? I'm off of I take no medications. Wow.
I'm So, from how many medications to I So, okay. every single almost every
single day I would take four different things for mental health
something for allergies and it was almost every day like like my
migraines got to some it would be anywhere from like 15 to 26 days a month that I would have migraines
and on the months when I would have like 26 then my body would the medicines would
stop working and then I would have to go on steroids roids to like reboot everything. So, it's hard to say exactly
how much I was taking every single day, but it was a lot every single day. And at least three days a week, I was
probably taking like 10 drugs a day. Wow. Yeah,
Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Not to mention all the money
I'm saving and all the time. All the time I'm saving. Yes. Yes. And Jesus healed me for free.
That's b that was bondage of in the in the area of finances. It was bondage in the area of finances
and in the area of time and just like my schedule. Yeah. It was um lack. Yes.
Thank you, Jesus. Everything was different. I the way I viewed life was I had joy. I never had
joy before. I started to experience it with the first deliverance through the screen with the mental problems um being
delivered from like those things. But after that I I had more joy and I just I
could see differently now. Like before I felt like I would always it was always
about just kind of like this feeling like behavioral correction. I don't even
know if that's the right way to say it, but thinking like I need to be better. I need to do better, work harder,
you know, these kind of things. And I just felt this freedom from God of
like I'm helping you like it like growing up in such like a
religious environment that um was so freeing like that God just loves you.
Like he just wants to deliver you. He doesn't care if you put yourself in that position or if someone else brought that
on you. He just wants you to be free. Yes. And seeing that with other people, too.
Like it wasn't I used to be like so offended by stuff. And I could see now more
spiritually like what was behind it. And um I I literally used my entire life
revolved around my sickness. It revolved around like some days I would um just
barely be able to get my kids to and from school. I would drop them off and then I would come home and sleep. Wow.
And then I would try to wake up and maybe put some laundry in and then go back and pick them up. Now, some days it
was okay, but like I was if I was having an okay day, I was probably using
medication, which I got delivered from addiction to pain medication. And um I
I just like I could actually I I woke up in the morning and I felt happy to be
alive. And yeah, I I didn't want that before. I
um I have I actually have one child that's adopted and I I even shared with my
husband one time I said I don't know if I would be alive if I didn't have her
cuz she already lost one mom. And so I was like she can't lose another mom. M.
So, um, it was just like I went from that to
like even my dad told me one time he was like, you know, some people want to be alive. And when he said that, I was
like, I don't understand. I didn't understand that. And now it's like it's
like a joy and honor to like just I feel like every day
I have this hunger for God. I feel like I have this hunger to serve God. Like I
want to grow in my faith. I want to um
I want to shine for him, you know, and like I wanted to do that before, but I knew I couldn't and I didn't know how to
get to that point. So, it's I I can serve my family. Like, I can make dinner
and work and do laundry and clean my house and get my kids to and from school and exercise and get up early and read
my Bible. Like, I couldn't do any of that before. I couldn't. I couldn't. So,
abundant life Jesus has surely brought you is abundant life. Hallelujah.
Yes. Wow. Oh, and you want to share what happened with your daughter? What she received?
Yes. Yes. After that day, after that and continuing on. Yes. She received so powerfully. Um she
one of the a couple of the big things. She used to have nightmares. Um she had OCD. She had anxiety. She wasn't
growing. She was really thin. Like even when she was born, um she was like
losing weight and stuff like the doctor said she's eating just enough to survive. When she was like couple month
old baby like she wouldn't eat and stuff and um she had a lot of stomach issues
which is a generational thing that praise God that curse is broken.
um she couldn't sleep and
um I I think it's when I see her I see
the power of the anointing too because I have three kids and I'm around a lot
of teenagers and like the way that
like the way that she can serve and endure persecution and
like just um she has like a humble and like godly
heart and like she always loved God like from a young age like when I would sit
and like read my Bible in the morning. I have a picture of her at 2 years old like sitting there reading her Bible across from me. So she always had that
heart, but it just really struggled with like the like attitude and emotions and
stuff too. And now like she has authority like she walks in victory and that and um I've even seen like the
anointing move through her. I've seen her pray for people and like miracles happen. And so it is it's truly like so
humbling as a parent to be able to have your children and family in this
environment. And I and I've even seen God move um on my children that aren't
planted at 5F. Um, like even my son, he
he was sick a lot. And in high school, like he
one year, like the the least amount of days that he missed a year in a year in high school was 15, which is three full
weeks of school from being sick. Wow. And one year he missed 25 days
being sick. And um I noticed that after I fully
planted myself at 5F, I was seeing we all these things broke off at that point
in 2022 in September. And um but the next I I I said like I'm
planted after that. I was like this must be where God wants me. Where else could I go? And then the devil really started
lying to me like you need to be at an in-person church. Mhm. And so I started going to an inerson
church and you're in Georgia. I'm in Georgia and I have young kids and at the time, you know, they were even
younger and I was like, how are they going to learn like and it was just confusion, you
know, looking back it's clear for me to see like that that wasn't wisdom. But um
after after I fully planted myself in August of 2023 and I stopped watching
other teachings and um God I saw things
change dramatically in my family. Um yeah and e like I said even my son I saw
really big things transformed for him and and the other thing that I didn't
mention was how different my marriage has been like there has been so much
peace and contentment and just love and
like before that it was hard. It was hard the whole time and like we had good
times and stuff and like we loved each other and um and wanted good things for
each other but there was for me I had so much oppression that I couldn't serve my
husband. I couldn't like overlook something that offended me. I was just
so like it would I would be in a spiral and um I just couldn't see spiritually.
And so there was so much unrest like we were in counseling so much and um God
has just delivered us from that. So there's it it's truly abundant life. It's truly
abundant life. Yes. Praise God. Yes. Hallelujah.
Wow. God has done so many miracles in your life and in your whole family. Yes.
I am in awe. I mean to hear all of the sicknesses that you had and mental
torment and to see what Jesus has done. He is the God of miracles. He's the God
who does the impossible. Praise God. And God, that's so powerful what you shared about
when you planted yourself, you saw a difference. Yes. Um how you saw your family being
affected. That's because when we totally surrender to God,
we access more of his power. or we start to see more miracles. We enter into the
kingdom of heaven fully because there's some people that are just accessing parts just like people who don't believe
in deliverance and healing that Jesus by his stripes we are healed that he paid
the price for to be healed and freed and he wants to do it. He already paid the price for it. You need to seek him and
seek freedom and healing and seek God's power. There's people that don't believe that and but they believe in Jesus. They
believe that Jesus is Lord and Savior. And so they experience part of the kingdom of heaven, part of heaven on
earth. They experience relationship with God somewhat. Um not fully though
because they aren't embracing fully who Jesus is. And they're not able to see
fully how good he is and how much he loves us. that he would give us abundant life in every area and break every
chain. Um, and they may be experiencing salvation and going to heaven, but
God wants more for you. God wants more for those people. God wants abundant life in every area. And so, there are
some people that are just obeying God in certain areas. And they are experiencing
some grace and some blessing and some miracles, but there's so much more. And
so being planted is actually a part of surrender. It's biblical um to be
planted as it talks about in the Bible that you will be like a tree that is
planted by streams of living water and in every season your leaves will
prosper. They will never wither. That's speaking of the principle of being planted in one place. And all throughout
scripture, we see the spiritual principle of having just one spiritual parent as Elisha only had one spiritual
father. He wasn't going here, there, different places. Um Joshua just had one
spiritual parent. He was planted under Moses. And same with Timothy, under Paul. Paul's the one that says, "You
have many teachers, but only one spiritual father. I became your spiritual father in Christ. And so that
is God's principle. So that's how we know that it is God's will for you to be planted in one place. When you're
planted in one place, you prosper and you start to see the anointing touch other areas of life of your life, even
your family like what you shared. Yes. Um your marriage, your son. So
hallelujah. This is a principle that many people are missing out on. And it's because the enemy has brought this
blindness to many in the body of Christ because he knows this important key that unlocks true abundant life and releases
the equipping of how to overcome the schemes of the enemy. When you're planted at one place, you're also
receiving prophetic teaching. Like the teaching, the words, the equipping that's released is prophetic. It's what
you need right now. And you won't get that if you're going different places.
You miss out on your prophetic word that you were ordained to hear by God if you would just stay focused and hear that
word instead of being distracted with other words and other places. So
I know that so many people have been blessed by your testimony today. I know faith has been lifted. I see that God is
going to release many miracles to the screen right now. I see God's going to release healing and freedom.
Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. And so, right now, if you have any bondage in
your life, I encourage you to renounce it. This is a key that unlocks your freedom. So, you can speak it aloud. The
oppression, the open doors that led to the oppression, you can speak it aloud right now where you're at, and God is
going to move in power through the screen and deliver you. This is how Ashley was delivered of so much oppression was just watching through the
screen a video just like this or a podcast just like this. So thank you Jesus
for doing it again as you did for Ashley. Thank you Jesus for doing many miracles, healing and deliverance for so
many who are watching this right now. I detach you from what you have
renounced now. I break every generational curse. I break every word
curse over your life. And I declare every spirit attached must go from you
now. I declare every spirit of infirmity must go. I declare every spirit of
mental illness, of depression, of anxiety. I declare they all must go in
Jesus' name. I declare healing over your entire body. I declare healing over your
brain, over your head. I speak migraines to go. I speak all sicknesses to go,
celiac to go, allergies to go, whatever kind of illness you have, whatever kind of pain, it must go in Jesus name. And I
see God setting you on fire right now, releasing the fire of his spirit so that you would be lit on fire for him and
experience his love and joy every single day and zeal to serve him. I release the
fire of the Holy Spirit to you now. May you be filled to overflow with the fire,
with the joy of the Lord. May your eyes open up to know more of God's love. And
may you begin to be used mightily by Jesus, with this fire that you carry,
with the light of Jesus that you carry in Jesus name. Amen.
Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus for what you have done on this podcast. for every single person who have who has just
listened and watched. I bless you.
Revival is Now Podcast
Apostle Kathryn Krick
2/11
